updated-drop-down usage (#1130)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/contributing/word-list.md

**Drill down**. Drill down, as in a menu, or other filtering feature is two words, not one.

> **Dropdown**. Use drop-down (Adjective). For e.g., Choose your favorite model from a drop-down menu. Use dropdown (Noun). For e.g., Select a source category from the dropdown. Do not use drop down (two-words).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dropdown**.
   * Use drop-down (Adjective). Example: Choose your favorite model from a *drop-down* menu. 
   * Use dropdown (Noun). Example: Select a source category from the *dropdown*. Do not use drop down (two words).
```
